hi I'm Phil Anderson executive chef for
Harris Teeter I'm going to show you the
secret for great grilled brats the first
thing you need to do is you need to get
yourself brats a whole onion 32 ounces
of beer room temperature put it on the
grill and gradually heat it up now you
don't want it to boil you just want to
get it up to a point where you've got
those brats already cooked because you
don't want to develop steam within the
casing because the steam bursts out and
it cracks the casing so once you get it
to this point the the brats are pretty
pretty well cooked you can tell they're
pretty firm you don't care about this
you don't care about what's in here
you're not going to use it any anymore
but what you are going to use is you're
going to use this here the landing
liquid that's the twenty eight ounces of
stewed tomatoes a roughly chopped bell
pepper and one tablespoon of brown sugar
32 ounces of beer now that's what the
brats are going to stay in once we get
them grilled so we're going to take our
brats put them on the grill
this is direct heat we want to make sure
that the proteins are sticking to the
bars and we want to make sure that it's
not hard for us to to move them so that
they relax and we know that we're going
to have a really nice bar burn in our
brats
I want to get a couple of marks on them
so I'm going to kind of move them around
put them in the grills in between the
bars you see they didn't explode and a
lot of people don't understand what what
the dynamic is is going on when you
bring it to a bare simmer you cook the
meat and it has a steamed it hasn't
wanted to explode so now you're just
moving it around to get your your burns
in there
okay well if we get a little bit more
char on the bottom of those we're put
them back in our beer
there you are the secret to grilling
brats enjoy to watch the other segments
in this video series or for how-to
videos on almost any other topic visit
monkey-see calm